Here each of us noticed that on
jackets have buttons here is where
where the hands of Napoleon Bonaparte are he
thought up yes why he came up there
buttons to not moral of clothes no
glasses don't help real sorry guys don't
pass will not be here very important
to figure out not morality of clothes
so that they do not climb into the creek nadya well done
when someone napoleon wanted to drown to wind
trying to type 100 ryushi what I
I look there straight Filip film some in
man's eyes yes yes wok yes look
napoleon was military right
some march
right about and it seems to me that to
fasten his hands to the feet as much as I am able to
just to be right at the seams
to normal big to roma sho
do when honor notation not only
oral answer yes yes give a ball
cool yes such an option and my gosh
it's shorter there scared don't need this
how spare does work that is if
Torn buttons in other places
shirt shirt what is logical.
give me an answer on the site give a plus
yes give another give another dilute
spit
yes they rode horses
from there it seemed to me it was possible
bridle to wear a jacket and sleep
based on the story of napoleon this
small man was yes I am now all
fresh and that means he's not physically the most
strong man right but he loved me
read he loved to beat here so here so
and a couple of times when he is so bill
people have zero reaction was there so he
hit and just the wind and he thought
buttons on jackets
metal buttons serrated on
jackets so you conquered romania guys
all just yes so here so here guys
no he actually invented it for
to the soldiers without using the sleeve
like a handkerchief so as not to wipe
you could have a nose all over
the surface of the sleeve does not scare at all
I thought that you can call here
Napoleon is not all easy to take
turn and the other side
work you can communicate and bend and
blow your nose to paint these and collars
you can wear all the buttons as if they were
the soldier who wanted to stand out here
buy it damn now there is no option
to zero and here's great let's go on